hello Would is up guys it is Justin here
from Jake out G of X so first off I
would like to say thank you to everyone
who's been subscribing to my channel I
just started this brand new channel
originally I was cinema4d Tut's I think
some of you guys know that channel and I
decided since the channel is inactive
for over a year or I was an active on
the channel rather I decided that
there's too much inactivity and I would
make a new channel so starting out brand
new fresh and I'm not giving a shout out
from my outlet channel I was just going
to start over and see how it goes so um
I'll get right into it I am releasing
this this material pack it has glossy
materials it has grunge's it has some
luminous light colors and it has glass
colors and I'm a couple like displaced
grungy sort of materials so yeah there's
only 22 materials on the pack it's
nothing too incredible guys like I said
I'm only at 9 subscribers right now um
so I hope you guys at least find this
semi useful you know I can put it in
your cinema 4d and you know use it for
some projects there's some really high
quality glossy colors some of the
grunge's are really nice my favorite
actually I think is the one that's named
like awesome awesome medium metallic
grunge so yeah guys that is that's
basically it I'm not going to say like
Oh most of Jen likes to download this
video or whatever um I just think that
if you enjoyed this and if you actually
like the material back go ahead and
leave a like on the video um that'll
help me out tremendously
so yeah guys if you do enjoy that make
sure to subscribe I've been doing videos
literally every single day since I
started the channel and I plan on
continuing that for a while not
necessarily every day but you know two
or three days a week for sure so yeah
guys anyways please leave a like and
subscribe if you enjoyed this not
necessarily me talking but you know the
material pack itself so yeah guys I have
a great day yeah